Life in the city
Life in the city is fill of activity. Early in the morning hundreds of people rush out of their homes in the manner ants do when their nest is broken. Soon the streets are full of traffic. Shops and offices open, students flock to their schools and they day’s work begins. The city now throb with activity, and it is full of noise. Hundreds of sight-seers, tourists and others visit many places of interest in the city while businessmen from various parts of the world arrive to transact business.
	Then towards evening, the offices and day schools begin to close. Many of the shops too close. There is now a rush for buses and other means of transport. Everyone seems to the in a hurry to reach home. As a result of this rush, many accidents occur. One who has not been to the city before finds it hard to move about at this time. Soon, however, there is almost no activity in several parts of the city. These parts are usually the business centers. 
	With the coming of night, another kind of activity begins. The streets are now full of colorful lights. The air is cooler and life becomes more leisurely. People now seek entertainment. Many visit the cinemas, parks and clubs, while others remain indoors to watch television or listen to the radio. Some visit friends and relatives and some spend their time reading books and magazines. Those who are interested in politics discuss the latest political developments. At the same time, hundreds of crimes are committed. Thieves and robber who wait for the coming of night become active, and misfortune descends upon many. For the greed of a few, many are killed,and some live in constant fear. To bring criminals to justice, the officers of the law are always on the move.
	Workers and others who seek advancement in their careers attend educational institutions which are open till late in the night. Hundreds of them sit for various examinations every year. The facilities and opportunities that people in the city have to further their studies and increase their knowledge of human affairs are indeed many. As a result, the people of the city are usually better informed than those of the village, where even a newspaper is sometimes difficult to get.
	The city could, therefore, be described as a place of ceaseless activity. Here, the drama of life is enacted every day.
	
	living in a multiracial community
 	Living in a community where there are people of various races could be a rewarding and an exciting experience. Such a community is like a small world with many types and races of people in it.
	Everyone, young or old, enjoys listening to stories about people in other lands. We read books and newspapers to learn about the habits, customs and beliefs of people who do not belong to our race, but when we live in a community composed of many races, we have the opportunities to meet and talk with people or various races. We can learn about their customs and beliefs directly from them. In this way, we have a better understanding of their ways of life. For example, in Singapore and Malaysia, which are known as multi-racial countries, Malays, Chinese, Indians and others have lived together for several decades. They have learned a lot about the cultures of one another, more than what they could have learned by reading books or newspapers. By living together, they have also absorbed many of the habits of one another to their common benefit.
	Further, living in a multi-racial community teaches us how to respect the views and beliefs of people of other races. We learn to be tolerant and to understand and appreciate the peculiarities of those who are not of our race. In this way, we learn to live in peace and harmony with foreigners whose ways of life are different from ours in several respects. We become less suspicious of strangers and foreigners. 
The relationship the develops among the people from common understanding in a multi-racial community makes life in such a community very exciting. Any celebration of any race becomes a celebration of all the other races. Thus, there is a lot of fun and excitement during every celebration. In this way, better understanding is promoted among the peoples of the world. Through each of the races of the people in a multi-racial community, we come to know about their respective countries. For example, through the Chinese and the Indians in Malaysia or Singapore we have come to know much about China and India. As a result, we have a better understanding of the peoples of China and India as as a whole.
	It could therefore be said that life in a multi-racial community teaches us many useful lessons in human relations.

A visit to a famous city
	A few months ago my father and I visited Singapore, one of the most famous cities in Asia.
	Singapore, a small island, lies at the southern and of West Malaysia. A long and narrow piece of land joins Singapore with Johore Hahru, the southern-most town of West Malaysia. Singapore is now an independent state.
	The city of Singapore is extremely beautiful. It is well known for its centres of business and other activities. There are many places of interest such as the tiger Balm Garden, the Botanical Garden and Raffles Museum. There are also many important centres of learning such as the University of Singapore, Science Centre, The Nanyang University and the Polytechnic. Being a famous city, hundreds of people come every day from various parts of the world to do business or to enjoy the sights of the city. Singapore therefore has large and beautiful airports and its harbours are full of ships.
	There are many night schools where people who cannot go to the day schools for some reason or other can continue their studies. And, the government of Singapore is still doing its best to make further improvements in the city for the benefit of the people. 
	During my stay in Singapore, I went out every day with my father to see the beautiful and interesting places and things in the city. One day we went to the Tiger Balm Garden where I saw several statues of people, animals and other strange creature beautifully made and kept. The sea near this garden makes this a pleasant place to visit. We spent almost half of the day at this place.
	Another day we visited the museum where I saw hundreds of curious things preserved for scholars and others. It was indeed and education to see all those things. There is so much to learn here that every visit by any person is sure to add to his knowledge. 
	I also visited some of the harbours and saw the large ships anchored there. The sight of the ships aroused a desire in me to cross the oceans and go round the world. I was indeed deeply impressed by the activities at the harbour.
	 Then every night, I went round the town and visited some of the parks and other places of interest. The numerous lights and the constant stream of traffic kept the city alive. I visited a few of the cinemas as well. In short, I enjoyed every moment of my stay in this famous city of Singapore.
				
Modern Inventions
	Modern inventions have made life more comfortable than what it was before. More and more new things are being made in all countries throughout the world to make life even more comfortable.
	In the past men had great difficulty in plounghing their lands to grow food. But, today, giant machines are used to plough thousands of acres of land. As a result, more food can be grown in a shorter time than was possible before. Food grown in one country is sent to another country where it is needed badly. To carry the food motor-vehicles, steam-ships and various other means of transport have been invented. Shortage of food in one place no longer causes anxiety as it can be brought from another place within a very short time.
	The invention of the means of transport has also made it possible for people to work in places miles away, and children can attend schools in distant places. In the past, this was not possible. The children of today are therefore better educated than those of the past. Invention of the means of transport has also increased human activity. A man can now go to several places, and do a variety of things in a day’s time.
	Other inventions like the radio and the telephone have also contributed  much to human progress. The radio keeps us informed about developments in other parts of the world. We do not have to travel to know what is happening in places away from our homes. The telephone too is a convenient means of knowing about others, miles away. It helps in business transactions by reducing time and travel. A businessman in one town can talk to another in another town, several miles away, to do some important business. In all these ways, people are able to do many things without much loss of time.
	In the same way, every invention has helped to increase our comforts. Television, for example, now makes it possible for people to stay at home and enjoy. At the same time, however, modern inventions have caused many deaths and much sorrow to many people. Many have lost their hands or legs, and accidents continue to occur in every increasing numbers. Yet modern inventions have made the world what it is today.